added vault/unvault docs (#75140)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_filters.rst

.. versionadded:: 2.12

> You can also use Ansible Vault compatible filter to encrypt data::

Reviewer: Wordsmithing and adding a link here. We should definitely link to the more comprehensive docs on using vault, if we're going to do this.
```suggestion
You can also use the Ansible :ref:`vault <vault>` filter to encrypt data::
```

  # simply encrypt my key in a vault
  vars:
    myvaultedkey: "{{ keyrawdata|vault(passphrase) }} "

  - name: save templated vaulted data
    template: src=dump_template_data.j2 dest=/some/key/vault.txt
    vars:
      mysalt: '{{2**256|random(seed=inventory_hostname)}}'
      template_data: '{{ secretdata|vault(vaultsecret, salt=mysalt) }}'

> And then decrypt it via unvault::

Reviewer: Remove the latin:
```suggestion
And then decrypt it using the unvault filter::
```
